Update commit 35044e8 (#135)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/FeatureComparison.md

\*) A personal type certificate once expired does not unlock features in builds compiled after it expired, builds compiled before that time retain their exclusive unlocked features state.
\*\*) Personal covers all devices you use yourself, so if you have a laptop and a desktop, one certificate covers both.
\*\*\*) A family pack can be used for the entire family, it is not required for the family to live in the same household, so the certificate can be used for children who have moved out or your grandparents.

> \*\*\*\*) For as long as the service exists.

Author: A new line should be added between the lines, otherwise it looks like a single line.

> Sandboxie Plus and Classic share the same core components, the main difference is that the Classic UI is no longer under development. Hence a UI for new core functionality is only available in the SandMan UI of the Sandboxie-Plus. Likewise various other new features are only implemented in the SandMan UI. Another difference is that Sandboxie Plus is provided under a [custom license](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/master/Installer/license.txt), while Sandboxie Classic is provided under a [GPL-3.0+ license](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sandboxie Plus and Classic share the same core components, the main difference is that the Classic UI is no longer under development. Hence, a UI for new core functionality is only available in the SandMan UI of Sandboxie Plus. Likewise, various other new features are only implemented in the SandMan UI. Another difference is that Sandboxie Plus is provided under a [custom license](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/master/Installer/license.txt), while Sandboxie Classic is provided under a [GPL-3.0+ license](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/master/LICENSE).
```

Some exclusive functionality is only available to project supporters with a valid [Supporter Certificate](https://sandboxie-plus.com/supporter-certificate/), see the table below.

> Starting with version 1.11.0 there is also a [Advanced Encryption Pack](https://xanasoft.com/product/sandboxie-plus-advanced-upgrade/) available which needs to be obtained in addition to a supporter certificate in order to use sandbox encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.11.0, an [Advanced Encryption Pack](https://xanasoft.com/product/sandboxie-plus-advanced-upgrade/) is also available, which must be obtained in addition to the supporter certificate in order to use sandbox encryption.
```

> **Please note that to use Sandboxie Plus in a commercial or educational setting a [Business Certificate](https://xanasoft.com/product/sandboxie-plus-business/) is required!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note that a [Business Certificate](https://xanasoft.com/product/sandboxie-plus-business/) is required to use Sandboxie Plus in a commercial or educational setting!**
```

| Support reminder                                                    | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) Yes | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No          |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) Yes      | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No                 | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No                         | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No                 | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No                 | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) No  |

> | PC's per Certificate                                                |                                                                                         | As Certified                                                                                      |                  |                                                                                              | Personal\*\*                                                                                             | Personal                                                                                                         | Personal and Family\*\*\*                                                                                | 1                                                                                                        | Personal and Family                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PCs per Certificate                                                |                                                                                         | As Certified                                                                                      |                  |                                                                                              | Personal\*\*                                                                                             | Personal                                                                                                         | Personal and Family\*\*\*                                                                                | 1                                                                                                        | Personal and Family                                                                       |
```

| UI Dark mode                                                        | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

> | Start Menu Integration                                              | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Start Menu integration                                              | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> | Windows 11 Context menu                                             | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Windows 11 context menu                                             | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

| [WFP support](../PlusContent/WFPSupport.md)                         | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes    | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

> | [Privacy enchanced boxes](../PlusContent/privacy-mode.md)           | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Privacy enhanced boxes](../PlusContent/privacy-mode.md)           | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> | [Security Enchanced boxes](../PlusContent/security-mode.md)         | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Security enhanced boxes](../PlusContent/security-mode.md)         | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> | [Compatibility enchanced boxes](../PlusContent/compartment-mode.md) | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Compatibility enhanced boxes](../PlusContent/compartment-mode.md) | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> | ARM64 Support                                                       | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Orange Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff9900&text=+) Trial | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ARM64 support                                                       | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No            |                  | ![Orange Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff9900&text=+) Trial | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> | [Ram Disk Integration](../PlusContent/RamDiskSandboxes.md)          | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [RAM Disk integration](../PlusContent/RamDiskSandboxes.md)          | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No  | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes (no UI) |                  | ![Red Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=ff0000&text=+) No       | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                        | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes                | ![Green Color](https://placeholder.antonshell.me/img?width=15&color_bg=00ff00&text=+) Yes |
```

> \*) A personal type certificate once expired does not unlock features in builds compiled after it expired, builds compiled before that time retain their exclusive features unlocked state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*) A personal type certificate once expired does not unlock features in builds compiled after it expired, builds compiled before that time retain their exclusive features in unlocked state.
```

> \*\*) Personal covers all devices you use yourself, so if you have a laptop and a desktop one certificate covers booth.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*\*) Personal covers all devices you use yourself, so if you have a laptop and a desktop, one certificate covers both.
```

> \*\*\*) A family pack can be used for the entire family it is not required for the family to live in teh same household, so the cert can be used for children which moved out or your grand parents.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*\*\*) A family pack can be used for the entire family, it is not required for the family to live in the same household, so the certificate can be used for children who have moved out or your grandparents.
```

> \*\*\*\*) For as long as the service exists.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*\*\*\*) For as long as the service exists.
```
